Update and rename draft-todo-yourname-protocol.md to draft-bg-onions-… (#17)
oscargdd/lxnm-bis: draft-bg-onions-update-network-service-models.md

---

> title: "An Update of Network Service Yang models"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "An Update of Service and Network Data Models"
```

> abbrev: "Network Service models update"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
abbrev: "Service & Network Data Modes Update"
```
